Java: update formatting and linting section (#5005)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/java/java-linting.md

In addition, there are also the [Checkstyle for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=shengchen.vscode-checkstyle) and [SonarLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=SonarSource.sonarlint-vscode) extensions, which provide features for live linting and code analysis.

## Formatter

> Basically, you can use `Format Document` command to format a Java file. If you didn't specify a formatter profile before, the Java file will be formatted with default settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `Format Document` command to format a Java file. If you didn't specify a formatter profile before, the Java file will be formatted using default settings.
```

<video autoplay loop muted playsinline controls>
  <source src="/docs/java/java-linting/formatting.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

**Applying formatter settings**

> You can easily apply formatter settings from an existing formatter profile in Eclipse scheme. For example, you want to apply [Google Style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/google/styleguide/gh-pages/eclipse-java-google-style.xml) for your Java project, then you can set the following property in `settings.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can easily apply formatter settings from an existing formatter profile in Eclipse scheme. For example, if you want to apply [Google Style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/google/styleguide/gh-pages/eclipse-java-google-style.xml) for your Java project, then you can set the following property in `settings.json`:
```

```json
"java.format.settings.url": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/google/styleguide/gh-pages/eclipse-java-google-style.xml",
```

The property can point to a URL or a local file path. If the formatter XML file contains more than one profile, you can specific the profile name:

```json
"java.format.settings.profile": "GoogleStyle",
```

After setting the formatter profile, `Format Document` command will use the specific profile to format your Java files.

**Editing formatter settings**

> [Extension Pack for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack) provides a friendly editor to help the users edit an existing formatter profile. You can open it in command `Java: Open Java Formatter Settings with Preview`. In the editor, you can change the formatter settings and preview the effects. After saving the current editor, the changes will be saved to the formatter profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Extension Pack for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack) provides a convenient way to edit and preview an existing formatter profile. You can use this feature using command `Java: Open Java Formatter Settings with Preview`. In the editor, you can change the formatter settings and preview the effects. After saving the current editor, the changes will be saved to the formatter profile.
```

Author: Would `use this feature via` be better?

<video autoplay loop muted playsinline controls>
  <source src="/docs/java/java-linting/formatting-editing.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

> Note: the formatter settings editor supports only local formatter profile. If your workspace contains a remote formatter profile, it will guide you to download it in `.vscode` folder.

When editing settings in the editor, you can preview the changes' effects in the right `Preview` panel.

<video autoplay loop muted playsinline controls>
  <source src="/docs/java/java-linting/formatting-preview.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

You can also undo and redo changes.

<video autoplay loop muted playsinline controls>
  <source src="/docs/java/java-linting/formatting-undoredo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

## SonarLint

> The [SonarLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=SonarSource.sonarlint-vscode) extension lets you detect bugs and vulnerabilities as you write code in VS Code. Java is one of the languages supported, and the extension will run in the background and highlight source code that poses a quality or security concern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [SonarLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=SonarSource.sonarlint-vscode) extension lets you detect bugs and vulnerabilities as you write code in VS Code. Java is one of the languages supported. The extension runs in the background and highlights source code that poses a quality or security concern.
```

**Code Analysis on the fly**

Issues are highlighted directly in the editor with hovers to provide detailed explanations.

<video autoplay loop muted playsinline controls>
  <source src="/docs/java/java-linting/sonarlint.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

Issues found in the opened file can also be reviewed through the Problems panel of VS Code. When applicable, secondary code locations are mentioned so you can understand where the issue originates from (for example, the code path that led to a bug).

**Rule documentation and remediation guidance**

> For any issue detected, SonarLint provides full documentation about the rule that was violated, and the coding best practice it relates to. This lets you understand why an issue is raised, and most importantly how to best fix it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any issues detected, SonarLint provides full documentation about the rule that was violated, and the best coding practice it relates to. This allows you to understand why an issue is raised, and how to fix it
```
